src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: 'About'
permalink: '/about/index.html'
---

<p class="text-500 sm:text-600">I'm an experienced front end developer and consultant, based in Bristol, UK. I have 15 years of commercial experience working with well-known brands such as <strong>NatWest</strong>, <strong>RBS</strong>, <strong>Royal London</strong>, <strong>RAC</strong>, and the <strong>University of Bristol</strong>.</p>
<p>
I've also worked on projects with several digital agencies such as <strong>McCann</strong>, <strong>EMO Unlimited</strong>, and <strong>Oakwood Media</strong>. <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrtobrien" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Connect with me on LinkedIn</a> to read over 10 recommendations/testimonials from these companies.</p>

<h2>Other things I've worked on:</h2>
<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-skyscanner" src="/images/imagery/build-with-skyscanner.png" alt="Build with Skyscanner Finalist Badge" width="268" height="269">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>Being a <strong>finalist in a developer competition</strong> #BuildWithSkyscanner, held by travel search giant <strong>Skyscanner</strong>. I used Skyscanner's Travel APIs to help people find cheap flights direct from their local airport. Check <a href="https://discover.inspireflyer.com/tools/direct-flyer/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Direct Flyer</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="two-four-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-alexa" src="/images/imagery/alexa-skill.png" alt="Build with Skyscanner Finalist Badge" width="512" height="512">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>Staying on the travel theme, I've also <strong>released an Amazon Alexa skill</strong> for use on its 'Echo' devices. The free to <a href="https://www.amazon.co.uk/Red-Spark-Digital-Ltd-Inspiration/dp/B078GDBTR2" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">download skill</a> is called <strong>Daily Travel Inspiration</strong> and shares details on a travel destination as part of your daily flash briefing on Alexa. You can also view an archive of the destinations featured on the <a href="https://www.inspireflyer.com/travel-inspiration/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Inspire Flyer</a> website, along with associated weather, map and attraction information for each location.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-packt" src="/images/imagery/p-publishing-logo.png" alt="Packt Publishing logo" width="900" height="500">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>I am a <strong>technical reviewer for Packt Publishing</strong>, most recently for <a href="https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=gVjBDwAAQBAJ&lpg=PP3&ots=gYjDrQWIJ4&dq=the%20html%20and%20css%20workshop%20terry%20o'brien&pg=PP3#v=onepage&q=terry%20o'brien&f=false" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">The HTML and CSS Workshop</a> title released in late 2019. It involved verifying authored content and code samples before the book was published.</p>
</div>
</div>

<h2>Keeping up to date</h2>

I <strong>regularly attend various events and conferences</strong> to keep up with current goings-on in the web industry. Bristol has many tech meetups which I'd recommend, including Bristol SEO, Bristol Wordpress People, Bristol JS, SWUX - South West User Experience, and Bristol Inclusive Design and Development. I also enjoy the yearly Pixel Pioneers conference.

Outside of my focus of web development, I also <strong>learn more about the broader industry</strong>, including user experience, digital marketing, business and entrepreneurship via books, courses and podcasts. I have also attended the SXSW conference in the USA, which is considered one of the major tech conferences in the world. I take this additional knowledge and use it to build websites that work for my clients and their customers.

<h2>How I work</h2>
<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-rsd" src="/images/imagery/rsd-logo.png" alt="Red Spark Digital logo" width="648" height="136">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>I am the <strong>founder of Red Spark Digital Ltd</strong>, which is a web consultancy based in Bristol working with clients across the UK. We offer a mix of design, development and user experience services. Outside of my development and optimisation work, if you require assistance with design or user experience, I can call on my colleagues to help if needed.</p>

<p>I am here available to help <strong>you</strong>. <a href="/contact">Let's work together</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>

<h2>Purpose of this website</h2>

<strong>Here on my personal website, I will be writing articles primarily focused on web development and web optimisation</strong>. I wish to help others in my sector to improve their development practices and show ways to optimise websites to ensure they work effectively.

Soon I will also be <strong>offering workshops and courses</strong> in a range of topics where your business can either hire me to come and teach your employees or take online courses remotely in your own time. To hear more about this, sign up to my <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a>, you'll be first to know.

<h2>The personal bit</h2>

When I'm not doing the above, I spend time with my wife and two young children. When not standing on Lego littered around the house, we enjoy going on adventures (when there isn't a global pandemic). <strong>I enjoy crisps</strong>, I probably eat too many, but they are so damn tasty.

I'm friendly, <strong>say hello, drop me a message</strong> either via twitter @digitaltob or via the <a href="/contact">contact page</a>.

Commit message:

Some meta data additionals and lighthouse fixes

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: 'About'
permalink: '/about/index.html'
metaTitle: About | Terry O'Brien 
metaDesc: Find out more about me as a development to give you an insight of how I my experience can help you.
socialImage: '/images/social-images/default.png'
---

<p class="text-500 sm:text-600">I'm an experienced front end developer and consultant, based in Bristol, UK. I have 15 years of commercial experience working with well-known brands such as <strong>NatWest</strong>, <strong>RBS</strong>, <strong>Royal London</strong>, <strong>RAC</strong>, and the <strong>University of Bristol</strong>.</p>
<p>
I've also worked on projects with several digital agencies such as <strong>McCann</strong>, <strong>EMO Unlimited</strong>, and <strong>Oakwood Media</strong>. <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrtobrien" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Connect with me on LinkedIn</a> to read over 10 recommendations/testimonials from these companies.</p>

<h2>Other things I've worked on:</h2>
<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-skyscanner" src="/images/imagery/build-with-skyscanner.png" alt="Build with Skyscanner Finalist Badge" width="268" height="269">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>Being a <strong>finalist in a developer competition</strong> #BuildWithSkyscanner, held by travel search giant <strong>Skyscanner</strong>. I used Skyscanner's Travel APIs to help people find cheap flights direct from their local airport. Check <a href="https://discover.inspireflyer.com/tools/direct-flyer/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Direct Flyer</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="two-four-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-alexa" src="/images/imagery/alexa-skill.png" alt="Build with Skyscanner Finalist Badge" width="512" height="512">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>Staying on the travel theme, I've also <strong>released an Amazon Alexa skill</strong> for use on its 'Echo' devices. The free to <a href="https://www.amazon.co.uk/Red-Spark-Digital-Ltd-Inspiration/dp/B078GDBTR2" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">download skill</a> is called <strong>Daily Travel Inspiration</strong> and shares details on a travel destination as part of your daily flash briefing on Alexa. You can also view an archive of the destinations featured on the <a href="https://www.inspireflyer.com/travel-inspiration/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Inspire Flyer</a> website, along with associated weather, map and attraction information for each location.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-packt" src="/images/imagery/p-publishing-logo.png" alt="Packt Publishing logo" width="900" height="500">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>I am a <strong>technical reviewer for Packt Publishing</strong>, most recently for <a href="https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=gVjBDwAAQBAJ&lpg=PP3&ots=gYjDrQWIJ4&dq=the%20html%20and%20css%20workshop%20terry%20o'brien&pg=PP3#v=onepage&q=terry%20o'brien&f=false" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">The HTML and CSS Workshop</a> title released in late 2019. It involved verifying authored content and code samples before the book was published.</p>
</div>
</div>

<h2>Keeping up to date</h2>

I <strong>regularly attend various events and conferences</strong> to keep up with current goings-on in the web industry. Bristol has many tech meetups which I'd recommend, including Bristol SEO, Bristol Wordpress People, Bristol JS, SWUX - South West User Experience, and Bristol Inclusive Design and Development. I also enjoy the yearly Pixel Pioneers conference.

Outside of my focus of web development, I also <strong>learn more about the broader industry</strong>, including user experience, digital marketing, business and entrepreneurship via books, courses and podcasts. I have also attended the SXSW conference in the USA, which is considered one of the major tech conferences in the world. I take this additional knowledge and use it to build websites that work for my clients and their customers.

<h2>How I work</h2>
<div class="four-two-wrapper">
<div class="two-container">
<img class="img-rsd" src="/images/imagery/rsd-logo.png" alt="Red Spark Digital logo" width="648" height="136">
</div>
<div class="four-container">
<p>I am the <strong>founder of Red Spark Digital Ltd</strong>, which is a web consultancy based in Bristol working with clients across the UK. We offer a mix of design, development and user experience services. Outside of my development and optimisation work, if you require assistance with design or user experience, I can call on my colleagues to help if needed.</p>

<p>I am here available to help <strong>you</strong>. <a href="/contact">Let's work together</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>

<h2>Purpose of this website</h2>

<strong>Here on my personal website, I will be writing articles primarily focused on web development and web optimisation</strong>. I wish to help others in my sector to improve their development practices and show ways to optimise websites to ensure they work effectively.

Soon I will also be <strong>offering workshops and courses</strong> in a range of topics where your business can either hire me to come and teach your employees or take online courses remotely in your own time. To hear more about this, sign up to my <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a>, you'll be first to know.

<h2>The personal bit</h2>

When I'm not doing the above, I spend time with my wife and two young children. When not standing on Lego littered around the house, we enjoy going on adventures (when there isn't a global pandemic). <strong>I enjoy crisps</strong>, I probably eat too many, but they are so damn tasty.

I'm friendly, <strong>say hello, drop me a message</strong> either via twitter @digitaltob or via the <a href="/contact">contact page</a>.
