src/pages/contact.md, before:

---
title: 'Contact'
permalink: '/contact/index.html'
---

<h2>Let's Talk</h2>
<p class="text-500 sm:text-600">If you want to <strong>talk about a project</strong>, which involves any of the <a href="/services">services</a> I offer, drop me an email:</p>
<p class="text-500 sm:text-600"><a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#64;&#116;&#101;&#114;&#114;&#121;&#111;&#98;&#114;&#105;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#46;&#117;&#107;">&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#64;&#116;&#101;&#114;&#114;&#121;&#111;&#98;&#114;&#105;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#46;&#117;&#107;</a></p>

<h2>Other ways to stay in touch</h2>

<strong>Read more about my previous work</strong> by connecting with me on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrtobrien" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">LinkedIn</a>. You can read testimonials over there too.

I'll soon be <strong>offering workshops and online courses</strong>, to hear more information on these in the months ahead, sign up to the <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a>.

For <strong>small questions</strong> or to say hello, send me a tweet.

If you <strong>enjoy my articles</strong>, sign up to the <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a> for infrequent emails of my latest articles.

If you still use <strong>RSS</strong>, you can subscribe.

<!--
You can have a contact page which uses a basic form. The [code with the form fields lives here](https://github.com/hankchizljaw/hylia/blob/master/src/_includes/layouts/contact.njk). 

To delete the contact form for this site, delete this page in the CMS or at `src/pages/contact.md`. You probably will also want to delete `src/pages/thank-you.md`.
-->

Commit message:

Some meta data additionals and lighthouse fixes

src/pages/contact.md, after:

---
title: 'Contact'
permalink: '/contact/index.html'
metaTitle: Contact | Terry O'Brien 
metaDesc: Let's work together. Contact me either to talk to me about the services I can offer, or to just say hello! 
socialImage: '/images/social-images/default.png'
---

<h2>Let's Talk</h2>
<p class="text-500 sm:text-600">If you want to <strong>talk about a project</strong>, which involves any of the <a href="/services">services</a> I offer, drop me an email:</p>
<p class="text-500 sm:text-600"><a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#64;&#116;&#101;&#114;&#114;&#121;&#111;&#98;&#114;&#105;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#46;&#117;&#107;">&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#64;&#116;&#101;&#114;&#114;&#121;&#111;&#98;&#114;&#105;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#46;&#117;&#107;</a></p>

<h2>Other ways to stay in touch</h2>

<strong>Read more about my previous work</strong> by connecting with me on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrtobrien" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">LinkedIn</a>. You can read testimonials over there too.

I'll soon be <strong>offering workshops and online courses</strong>, to hear more information on these in the months ahead, sign up to the <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a>.

For <strong>small questions</strong> or to say hello, send me a tweet.

If you <strong>enjoy my articles</strong>, sign up to the <a href="https://mailchi.mp/877e42635e8c/newsletter" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">newsletter</a> for infrequent emails of my latest articles.

If you still use <strong>RSS</strong>, you can subscribe.

<!--
You can have a contact page which uses a basic form. The [code with the form fields lives here](https://github.com/hankchizljaw/hylia/blob/master/src/_includes/layouts/contact.njk). 

To delete the contact form for this site, delete this page in the CMS or at `src/pages/contact.md`. You probably will also want to delete `src/pages/thank-you.md`.
-->
